Migration from SecretBindings to CredentialBindings (#1236)
kyma-project/kyma-infrastructure-manager: hack/credentialbindings/README.md

# CredentialsBindings Migration Tool

This tool migrates Gardener `SecretBinding` resources to `CredentialsBinding` resources in a specified Gardener project namespace.

## Usage

### Prerequisites

> - Go installed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You have Go installed.
```

- Access to the Gardener cluster (kubeconfig)

> - The Gardener API and Security API must be available

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Gardener API and Security API are available.
```

### Build

```sh
go build -o credentialbindings main.go
```

### Run

```sh
./credentialbindings \
  -gardener-kubeconfig-path=/path/to/gardener/kubeconfig \
  -gardener-project-name=my-project \
  -dry-run=true
```

#### Arguments

- `-gardener-kubeconfig-path` - Path to the kubeconfig file for accessing the Gardener cluster. **Default:** `/gardener/kubeconfig/kubeconfig`
- `-gardener-project-name` - Name of the Gardener project (without the `garden-` prefix). **Default:** `gardener-project`
- `-dry-run` - If set to `true`, the tool will only print the `CredentialsBinding` resources that would be created, without actually creating them. **Default:** `true`

### Example

To perform a dry run for project `foo`:

```sh
./credentialbindings -gardener-project-name=foo -dry-run=true
```

To actually create the `CredentialsBinding` resources:

```sh
./credentialbindings -gardener-project-name=foo -dry-run=false
```

## What It Does

- Lists all `SecretBinding` resources in the specified Gardener project namespace.
- For each `SecretBinding`, creates a corresponding `CredentialsBinding` resource.
- In dry-run mode, prints the resources that would be created.

> - In non-dry-run mode, creates the resources in the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In dry-run mode, it prints the resources that would be created.
- In non-dry-run mode, it creates the resources in the cluster.
```
